all right hello everyone this is critic
giving you a shoutcast between june we
prime or i am i believe its item is that
I'm doing not in a percent sure let's go
ahead and take a look it is going to be
I am Jimmy prime vs liquid hey Pro here
in the Xel'Naga caverns this is going to
be a zerg vs zerg matchup Game one was
also a zerg vs zerg matchup between
these two teams and we'll see how this
game and plays out liquid hape
responding as the yellows or on the
south side June we spawning on the top
side now just like blistering sands both
of these maps only have two starting
locations so you already know where your
opponent is as both players now sending
out those very very early overlords in
order in order to do some scouting we
already see hey pro currently training
up another Overlord here meanwhile I'm
Jimmy prime decided to instead go for
and 10 drones and then train up his one
overload so we'll see who gets the
better economic advantage in this game
as right now bc i am drew me sitting on
two larvae unable to really do anything
and now we see liquid hey pro currently
sitting training up three larvae at the
same time he does have a little bit of
an aleve at this time in order to
harvest more minerals so liquid hey pro
will be able to get up to 13 / 18 food a
little bit more quickly and now this
game is underway we now see a hey pro
going for an early extractor which
indicates to me he will be going for a
spawning pool next and then trying to
get that early metabolic boosted Ling's
this is similar to the strategy that we
saw from the liquid player on blistering
sands and null and prime doing the same
exact thing as well going now for going
for a fort or 15 hatchery and we'll be
able to set up a hatchery and now get an
economic lead we'll see if prime is able
to benefit from this particular
advantage over and over July Zerg who
did lose Game one in that and on
blistering sands so we'll see what's
going to be happening just mow my think
it was against red I casted the game
probably about two or three hours ago so
one hundred percent sure hopefully I'm
not misquoting anything back over here
we now see liquid hey pro currently just
trying to get up as much gas as possible
I'm assuming as soon as this extractor
and it has a hundred gas out of it
you're going to see hey pro start
pulling drones away in order to harvest
more minerals and try to train up more
Queens and get those earrings out
meanwhile back over here we finally see
extractor coming in the extractor and
also training up a spawning pool as well
so Jimmy Prime should be getting that
metabolic boost out in just a moment it
will be a little bit later however so if
as it is going to be later he has to be
play a little bit more defensively as
jute as hey pros servings are going to
be able to do a little bit more flanking
much more easily the hatchery is nearing
completion over here June reprime should
be able to start training up some
additional drones and now we see a roach
warren so a roach warren indicates to me
that june we fine will not be going for
metabolic boosted wings instead he is
just going to try to save that gas and
try to go for roaches roaches do have a
natural one armor and they do deal a
fair amount of damage as well as I need
a pick up my phone before my fast
machine goes crazy and it did already go
crazy so excuse me sorry about that as
this game now continues and app phone a
little bit farther away servings I'm
trying to give chase against this one
serving down over here is Irving now
trying to run away it looks as though
hey preserving make it taken down but
the metabolic boosted and research may
complete as at zerglings should be able
to at least run around but now we see
June we also training up for roaches and
that is a hundred gas that I was talking
about earlier June we are now going up
in the five roaches so those roaches are
going to act as a very very strong
natural defense servings need to swarm
their target in order to be able to
fight back but you got to also remember
to and one thing and very very early in
the game larva production is absolutely
critical thank you fax machine and you
are really really limited on your larva
so it may be that Junie prime is going
to have more larva because he already
has another hatchery down he is getting
a queen over here so he should be able
to train up even more roaches as those
roaches now fighting back against
length those servings being very smart
and deciding not to fight against those
roaches as there were going to be
zarenes attacking them as well you can
see that June we Prime sitting on the
larger army at this point 700 mineral
Army versus 150 production was two more
roaches and more zerglings still being
trained and now finally we see a virtual
Roach Warren coming in from hey pro so
hateful also going to go for a roach
ward for himself harvester counting we
see that a pro sitting on 20 harvesters
compared to 16 so that is going to be a
definite advantage as hey pro now
continuing to just power drone even
further if he's able to power drone and
get a strong enough economy and make it
worth its while he should be able to
take this game however arjuni prime if
he attacks with this larger army at this
point he may be able to he may be able
to take this game who's going to be able
to take it as those dummies not trying
to surround this one Roach the roach
able to squeeze by and not fall as those
hands Irving is not trying to take down
this one hatchery however it looks as
though the road is simply ignoring those
servings that are trying to put pressure
down as zarenes moving around back and
forth both sides engaging some of those
earrings are not fighting and now hey
pro is going to lose many others Irwin's
in that engagement as June we Prime
coming in with even more those earrings
are going to have a little bit of a
problem as those organs fighting back
down over here and now in comes a very
large army of roaches eight which is now
coming in from the north will be able to
perhaps knife down that Queen the Queen
already low on a hip point down to 131
and now going after some of those
roaches that are trying to come out as
well quickly melting away from that acid
saliva and this Queen will also be taken
down so while it's a queen and a roach
already taking down over here these
roaches may be able to just simply walk
up that ramp a standing army you can see
these roaches doing so much damage ever
so quickly and this hatchery now may get
sniped down so you can see zerbies now
coming in from the north being able to
get a quick surround on some of those
roaches no not engaging over here as
though servings are not gonna be able to
get in front of those roaches and now
Julie Ron should be able to take this
game as hey pros army is just dwindling
very very quickly he does have more
harvesters but that doesn't matter at
this stage as that many of those
harvesters are unable to efficiently
mine at this point Zuri is not going to
simply walk up that ramp and get into
that base and liquid hey pro says GG
Wow June Louise and June we as timing
attack was absolutely perfect if you
were wondering how the momentum switched
so quickly hey Pro had tried a power
drone and by power droning and he
stopped his Roach production for just a
moment I believe five roaches would have
completely changed how well hey Pro was
able to defend that and also am a pro
and a hey pro by trying to just put
cause harassment onto this hatchery
trying to get a surrounding deal some
damage here it also allowed June we to
move in with these upgraded roaches you
got to remember these roaches do not
have that movement speed upgrade and not
many zern players move out with an
upgraded roaches that early unless it is
like a five a five Roach timing push and
but yeah this was just really really
well done June reprime using those
roaches as the major damage dealer using
up graded zerglings without metabolic
boost in order to surround and Corral
the roaches of hey pro and haverhill has
to say gee gee thanks for watching
thanks for listening and I hope you guys
enjoyed and these two or the first two
games in this team liquid versus prime
matchup both zerg vs herb and both teams
were able to take one match each so that
the series is now tied at 11